Copyright 2011, 2012 Kenneth S. Brown.
See the end of the file for license conditions.

* Unix-like systems

Toddcox follows the conventions of the GNU build system.  It should
build easily on any Unix-like system that has a C++ compiler and the
`make' program.  Here are the steps, starting in the top-level source
directory:

  ./configure
  make

This should yield an executable program called `toddcox' (or
`toddcox.exe') in the current directory.  You can optionally give the
command

  make install

to install the program and documentation to standard places on your
system (assuming you are logged in as a user with sufficient
privileges).  By default, the executable program will be in
/usr/local/bin, the documentation will be in
/usr/local/share/doc/toddcox, and the sample scripts will be in
/usr/local/share/toddcox/examples.

If you want different behavior, pass suitable options to the
`configure' command; type `configure --help' for details.

* Windows

The build procedure on Windows is similar to the build on Unix-like
systems, provided one has a suitable build environment that includes a
C++ compiler.  For example, one can build a native (32-bit) Windows
executable `toddcox.exe' in the Cygwin environment by using the
cygwin-mingw32 cross compiler provided by Cygwin's mingw-gcc-g++
package.  To do this, replace the `configure' command above by the
following command:

  ./configure --build=i686-pc-cygwin --host=i686-pc-mingw32 CXXFLAGS=-static


This file is part of Toddcox.

Toddcox is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version (GPLv3+).

Toddcox is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Toddcox.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


Local variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
end:
