Copyright 2011 Kenneth S. Brown.
See the end of the file for license conditions.

If you have obtained prebuilt executables for your system, you can
skip the first item and proceed directly to "Running the programs".

* Building Toddcox

See the INSTALL file in the source distribution for instructions.
After following the instructions, you should have two executables, tc
and tc+ (possibly with .exe appended).  The first program uses the HLT
coset enumeration method.  The second uses HLT+lookahead.

* Running the programs

Type 'tc' (or 'tc+') at a command prompt.  Depending on how your path
is set up, you may have to include a path specification.  On a typical
unix-like system, for example, you would type

  ./tc

if the tc program is contained in your current directory.

The programs will prompt you to enter the necessary information.  See
<http://www.math.cornell.edu/~kbrown/toddcox/run.html> for a sample
run of each program.

* Running from a script

Instead of responding to all the prompts interactively, you can enter
them into a file and redirect standard input to that file.  The
Toddcox distribution contains a sample input file.  To use it, issue
the following command:

  ./tc < examples/M12.in

* Questions and comments

The project website is

  <http://www.math.cornell.edu/~kbrown/toddcox/>

Questions and comments should be sent to

  Ken Brown <kbrown@cornell.edu>


This file is part of Toddcox.

Toddcox is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version (GPLv3+).

Toddcox is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Toddcox.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


Local variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
end:
