Copyright 2011 Kenneth S. Brown.
See the end of the file for license conditions.

The files in this directory can be used as input files for toddcox.
Assuming, for example, that one is working in the the top-level
directory of the Toddcox distribution and that this directory contains
the executables, one could give the command

  ./toddcox examples/F27.in

to run toddcox with F27.in as input file.  Here is a description of
the groups that correspond to the input files in this directory.

* F27.in

G is the Fibonacci group F(2,7), with 7 generators a,b,...,g and 7
relations c = ab, d = bc,..., b = ga.  It is cyclic of order 29.  The
given input file does coset enumeration over the cyclic subgroup H
generated by c.  The result is that H has index 1, so G is cyclic.  In
particular, this shows that G is abelian, and elementary methods now
show that G is of order 29.  Alternatively, one could modify the input
file to do coset enumeration over the trivial subgroup and directly
see that G is of order 29.

* G8723.in

G is the group (8,7;2,3) with two generators a,b and 4 relations

  a^8 = b^7 = (ab)^2 = (Ab)^3 = 1,

where A = a^-1.  H is the subgroup generated by a^2 and Ab.  It has
index 448.  This example is taken from the paper

  Cannon, John J.; Dimino, Lucien A.; Havas, George; Watson, Jane M.
  Implementation and analysis of the Todd-Coxeter algorithm.
  Math. Comp. 27 (1973), 463â€“490.

* M12.in

G is the Mathieu group M_{12}, which is a simple group of order 95040,
and H is the trivial subgroup.  G is presented with 3 generators a,b,c
and 7 relations

a^{11} = b^2 = c^2 = (ab)^3 = (ac)^3 = (bc)^{10} = a^2(bc)^2a(bc)^{-2} = 1.

This presentation is taken from p. 169 of the book

  Holt, Derek F.; Eick, Bettina; O'Brien, Eamonn A.  Handbook of
  computational group theory.  Discrete Mathematics and its
  Applications (Boca Raton). Chapman & Hall/CRC, Boca Raton, FL,
  2005.

The authors describe it as an example of a straightforward coset
enumeration.  The next three examples are taken from the same book
(with attributions to other sources) and are described as difficult
enumerations relative to the order of the group.  In all three cases H
is again the trivial subgroup.

* SL2_13.in

G is the group SL_2(13), presented with two generators a,b and two
relations

  a^2 = (ab)^3,  (ab^4ab^7)^2b^7a^8 = 1.

It has order 2184 = 12 x 13 x 14.  Enumeration by the HLT method (the
default for the toddcox program) uses almost 30 million cosets.  Using
other methods one can cut the size of the coset table down to about
1.5 million, but not much smaller.  See
<http://www.math.cornell.edu/~kbrown/toddcox/run.html> for details.

* HNO_1.in

This is a 3-generator, 3-relator group of order 6561 = 3^8.  The HLT
method uses about 200,000 cosets; this can be reduced to about 30,000
by using other methods.

* HNO_8.in

This is the same group of order 6561, with a different 3-generator,
3-relator presentation.  I was not able to get any of the three
enumeration methods to complete on my computer before running out of
memory.


This file is part of Toddcox.

Toddcox is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version (GPLv3+).

Toddcox is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Toddcox.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


Local variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
end:
